predictedAAFeature	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	aa_feature	
singleMotifMultMappings	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	aa_feature	
aliases	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	alias	
referenceStrain-clonedInsertEnds	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	aligned_sequence	
transcript_sequences	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	aligned_sequence	
chEBI_Compounds	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	compound	
dbxref_simple	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_unity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_gene2ApiLoc	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_synonym	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_gene_symbol	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_gene2PubmedFromNcbi	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_gene2Uniprot	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
dbxref_gene2Entrez	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	dbxref	
EcNumberGenus	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	ECToGenus	
referenceStrain-epitope_sequences_IEDB	http://edamontology.org/topic_0804	immunoproteins,genes,antigens	epitope	
referenceStrain-dbEST	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0000345	Transcriptomics	EST	
referenceStrain-ESTsFromFasta	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0000345	Transcriptomics	EST	
PDBProteinSequences	http://edamontology.org/data_2976	Protein Sequence	external_sequences	
updatePDBTaxon	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	external_sequences	
interproscanData	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data Identity and Mapping	external_sequences	
NRDB	http://edamontology.org/data_2976	Protein Sequence	external_sequences	
updateEviganSecondaryScore	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	alternate_gene_model
insertScaffoldGapFeatures	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
unofficialGeneFeatures_GFF2	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
unofficialGeneFeatures_GFF3	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
unofficialGeneFeatures_embl	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
genomeFeatures_GFF2	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
virtualSeq_GFF2	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
genomeFeatures_GFF3	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
relatedNaFeature	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
GFF	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
plasmoMapp	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
insertOldAnnotation	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	Sequence sites, features and motifs	feature	
geneOntology	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	function	
enzymeDB	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	function
productNames	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	gene_annotation
comments	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	gene_annotation	
geneName	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	gene_annotation	
ebiGFF3file	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	gene_annotation	
geneFeatureLODScores	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	genetic_mapping	
genbank_primary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
ebi_primary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
embl_primary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
NoPreprocess_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
NoPreprocess_secondary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
GTF_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
GFF_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
fasta_primary_genome_sequence	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
primaryVirtualGenome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
primaryVirtualGenomeAllowSplits	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
secondaryVirtualGenome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
ChromosomeColors	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	genome	
yeastTwoHybrid	http://edamontology.org/topic_0128	Protein Interactions	interaction	
isolateSNPsFromChip	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	${platform}
SNPs_HTS_Experiment	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	HTS_SNP
SNPs_HTS_Sample	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	HTS_SNP
SNPs_HTS_Sample_QuerySRA	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	HTS_SNP
familyRepresentative-isolatesGenbank	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	sequencing_typed
updateIsolatesInfo	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	sequencing_typed
familyRepresentative-isolateSequencesFasta	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	sequencing_typed
isolatesUpdateIsReference	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	sequencing_typed
updateIsolatesByContinents	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	
updateIsolateFeaturesByProductAlias	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	
ebiVCFfile	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	isolates	
metaboliteProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	metabolite_levels	FILL
compoundMassSpec	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	metabolite_levels	FILL
chipChipMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	metadata	chip-chip
copyNumberVariationMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_3175	Structural Variation	metadata	copyNumberVariation
proteinMicroarrayMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_0804	Immunoproteins, genes and antigens	metadata	immuneResponse
SnpMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	metadata	SNP
SNPChipMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	metadata	SNPChip
cghArrayPlatform	http://edamontology.org/topic_0632	probedesign	microarray_platform	cgh_array
genbank_organelle_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	organellar_genome	
embl_organelle_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	organellar_genome	
NoPreprocess_organelle_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	organellar_genome	
fasta_organelle_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation	organellar_genome	
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	organism	
orthomclPhyletic	http://edamontology.org/topic_3299	orthology	orthology	
orthomcl	http://edamontology.org/topic_3299	orthology	orthology	
orthomclTree	http://edamontology.org/topic_3299	orthology	orthology	
phylogeneticProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_3299	orthology	orthology	
Pathways	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	pathway	
phenotype	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	phenotype
PhenotypeEDA	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	phenotype	
cghArrayExperiment	http://edamontology.org/topic_3175	Structural Variation	population_biology	cgh_array
cghArraySample	http://edamontology.org/topic_3175	Structural Variation	population_biology	cgh_array
Profiles			profiles	
quantitativeMassSpecProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	quantitative
massSpecFromMgf	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	
massSpecFromMgf_Sample	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	
massSpecPreprocessed	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	
massSpecPreprocessedNoOrfs	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	
massSpecFromProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_0108	Proteomics	protein_expression	
orthomclUniprotPeripheralProteome			proteome	peripheral
orthomclEuPathPeripheralProteome			proteome	peripheral
orthomclUniprotReferenceProteome			proteome	reference
orthomclEuPathReferenceProteome			proteome	reference
manualDeliveryReferenceProteome			proteome	
manualDeliveryPeripheralProteome			proteome	
proteinMicroarrayProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_0804	Immunoproteins, genes and antigens	putative_function	immune_response
## this is the default for genericProfiles				
genericProfiles	http://edamontology.org/topic_0804	Immunoproteins, genes and antigens	putative_function	immune_response
copyNumberVariationExperiment	http://edamontology.org/topic_3175	Structural Variation	resequencing	copyNumberVariation
copyNumberVariationSamples	http://edamontology.org/topic_3175	Structural Variation	resequencing	copyNumberVariation
originsOfReplicationExperiment	http://edamontology.org/topic_0080	Sequence Analysis	resequencing	originsOfReplication
originsOfReplicationSamples	http://edamontology.org/topic_0080	Sequence Analysis	resequencing	originsOfReplication
SNPs_GFF	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation	SNP	
taxonomy	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	sres	
sequenceOntology	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
ontologyRelationshipTypes	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
oboOntology	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
OBO_Ontology_efo	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
ontologyFromTabDelim	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
ontologySynonyms	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
geneOntologyEvidenceCodes	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
blatAlignmentQuality	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
isolateGeographicLocationGPS	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
antiCodon	http://edamontology.org/topic_0160	sequence sites, features and motifs	sres	
eupathOntologyTerms	http://edamontology.org/topic_0089	Ontology and Terminology	sres	
GeneImage	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	subcellular_localization	
orthomclClades	http://edamontology.org/topic_3299	orthology	taxonomy	
microarrayExpressionExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001985	Microarray Assay	transcript_expression	array
microarrayExpressionExperimentWithProviderProbeMapping	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001985	Microarray Assay	transcript_expression	array
chipChipExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001248	chipchip	transcript_expression	chip_chip
chipChipSample	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001248	chipchip	transcript_expression	chip_chip
chipSeqExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000716	chipseq	transcript_expression	chipseq
chipSeqSample	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000716	chipseq	transcript_expression	chipseq
example			transcript_expression	FILL
ISATabPopBio_WDK	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0002913	arthropod specimen collection process	population_biology	
PopBio_Study	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0002913	arthropod specimen collection process	population_biology	
ebiRnaSeqExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqSample	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqSample_QuerySRA	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqExperimentNoTranscripts	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqSampleNoTranscripts	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqSplicedLeaderAndPolyASitesExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
rnaSeqSplicedLeaderAndPolyASitesSample	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	rnaseq
longReadRnaSeqExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0002575	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	LongReadRNASeq
Cellxgene	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0002631	single-cell RNA sequencing assay	transcript_expression	scRNA-Seq
rtpcrProfiles	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001361	RTPCR	transcript_expression	rtpcr
smallNcRnaExperiment	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	smallNcRna
smallNcRnaSamples	http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001271	RNASeqAssay	transcript_expression	smallNcRna
microarrayPlatform	http://edamontology.org/topic_0632	probedesign	transcript_expression_platform	array
microarrayPlatformWithProviderMapping	http://edamontology.org/topic_0632	probedesign	transcript_expression_platform	array
chipChipPlatform	http://edamontology.org/topic_0632	probedesign	transcript_expression_platform	chip_chip
pfalLocationsWithSqlLdr			unknown	
validateOrganismInfo				
referenceStrain				
genbank_secondary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
embl_secondary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
GeneDB_GFF_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
GeneDB_GFF_secondary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
GeneDB_GFF_organelle_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
Broad_GFF_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
NoPreprocess_GTF_primary_genome_features	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
fasta_secondary_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Annotation and Curation		
transcriptsFromReferenceStrain			ESTs	
epitopesFromReferenceStrain				
clonedInsertEndsFromReferenceStrain				
GeneOntologyAssociations	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis		
EnzymeCommissionAssociations	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis		
ECAssocGeneFeatureMappings	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis		
ECAssocFromUniprot	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis		
familyRepresentative-isolateFeaturesGFF2	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation		
isolatesFromFamilyRepresentative	http://edamontology.org/topic_0199	Genetic Variation		
ISA				
dumpMissingGenbankIsolateMappers				
referenceProteomeUniprotEC				
peripheralProteomeUniprotEC				
referenceProteomeEupathDB_EC				
peripheralProteomeEupathDB_EC				
copyAndFormatDownloadFilesFromManualDelivery				
